yo whats up youtube is bttr w4 here
bringing you a minecraft about toby is
on a survival the high tower secret and
estimate seeds spawns right there and
the quickest way is just to go through
the high tower itself and now come out
here right here this is what i would say
the secret is not much of a secret
because it's very easy to get to but as
you can see this is the second video in
my second video this is where i was I'm
tight on and if you there's gonna be
actually very short video I'm just going
to show you much where you go and this
is kind of a retake on the official the
second ball and as you guys can see this
is pretty much as a major recap delete
that block
yeah open mic down ok that's what we can
do and sorry if I'm talking very softly
I haven't been working on that good in
the past you know a couple days still
have to do a project today so I'm not
going to be uploading a lot of videos
and yeah that's pretty much it what just
um watch this video follow where I go
it's pretty much straightforward there's
only like two parts where you have to
pick left or right and tough someone is
already here looking at oh well I did
not show you is you can go up here and
you can go through the mouth right here
twice actually and in this video we're
actually going to do that how you do it
twice looks like i'm home taking them
know all right so you can do that twice
and in this video that's what we're
going to be trying to achieve
and let's get up here hopefully there's
audio will come and pretty much I was
actually wondering what you guys we want
to see for me I can do multiple random
clips of random classic maps a lot of
them are free builds and you can see the
different types of things people are
building my good friend of mine that I
was recording but the thing was just it
was too laggy so I could not put it off
for you guys but Firecat on he has a mac
if you type in WTF it's the OMG WTF hax
free bill 24-7 map and then he has his
amazing maps and if you go in he has he
built in his own and massive ones at
star wars ship like all fires blown up
it's great it's amazing detail of what
he did and then you can go into
different maps city so I giving the same
server hold on zombies coming hopefully
didn't see me I don't let's get down oh
ok mind about Trey hey you know anything
and what you can do is you can go in the
city and took a year to build and it is
just a massive city of what you mean and
I was there it was so there's just so
much built that my computer was like
committing suicide and it was like no I
hate you and put it out and then I went
to another server it was complete douche
bags they figured out like one off it
was really funny actually I can suss one
thing and he can make you say something
so like I know but like in the video I
like I'm talking and randomly just says
bttl before I suck on the turtle I'm
like maggots ever sought my guy it was
it was really weird so you know I
decided not to put that up cuz profanity
and that's pretty much it just comment
on what you want me to do I'm not this
guys doing
okay so well it looks like i was AFK for
five minutes there I guess I forgot to
talk in the chat so that's I guess
that's it now um just rate comment
subscribe and tell me what you want me
to do right this is bttl go before
signing off